chore: Remove NFS support for v1.25.0, remove unused CircleCI config, fixes #7810 (#7811)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/install/performance.md

## Filesystem Performance

> Mutagen can offer a big performance boost on macOS and Windows. It's fast and doesn't need any setup; you only need to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutagen offers a huge performance boost on macOS and Traditional Windows. It's fast and doesn't need any setup; It's enabled by default in those environments, but you have the option of turning it off.
```
